This is a head-gum original.
music
sing
I'm going to stop the video.
We're going to be audio only for a second.
It's so unreal.
I don't even have way to stop the video.
If we can't hear ourselves, does that mean that our levels are set?
Right.
Your levels are great.
You guys are coming through in stereo just so good to me.
Good what?
Well, the audio is good.
Good set of videos running.
No way.
Really?
I would never cheat you with that reference.
Well, because I saw this video that was like about how Obama can give someone four
compliments in 10 seconds.
One of the compliments is like treating the person as a higher up because it kind of
puts one second.
Sure.
So you're treating who is it?
Did you text?
I did just get a text.
Got it.
So your computer is picking up all the sound effects that are built into
the video.
And what I'll do is I'll do, do not disturb.
And we should say that people are not seeing any video right now.
Even on YouTube.
Why?
Because I need to clear space on the SSD.
And so do you.
What you showed did not do for me?
I see.
So it's not being recorded video wise yet.
It was and now will not be.
Okay.
For a couple minutes.
Well, you're probably in record of log style.
No, well, what I'm going to do.
Okay.
So you want me to like.
Yes.
You pull out your phone and that will be the video to have.
Okay.
While you're clearing the space vertical.
Why vertical, right?
Yeah.
Because it has to be on YouTube.
Because like that's the premium property.
There we go.
So we're mostly seeing Ali and Miles.
We should also say that we even have Miles on the show.
Today on the show.
One second.
It's one of those shows where like the host's talk before the guests.
You've been talking a lot.
Also, Ali hasn't said anything.
Really, you shouldn't choose Ali.
Please welcome the show, Ali Khan.
Still no video there, right?
No video yet.
Just a little bit.
Like can we get rid of this factually thing?
I know we can get rid of the heavy and podcast episode that came out today.
You're just deleting files that might be neat.
I might have just deleted.
Yeah.
They last the factually episode that just really cool.
Because I just, by the way, I tuned this morning.
I said you pushed an episode.
Sure.
Came of my YouTube Algo.
Okay.
You're on there.
And people were complaining that.
So we're being deleted.
Things are not being recorded.
And so now you're sort of carplunch.
Just deleting the hard drive.
Just thinking.
I really don't know what to delete.
What's going on?
I just cleared space and now it's saying we still only have six minutes.
I actually wanted to cut you off there.
Yeah.
Did you?
Did you have to do a trash?
Because if you put something in the trash,
that doesn't mean that it's gone.
And so what you need is just sort of take a deep breath.
Realize who you are and what you're up to.
What's happening is that on the drive.
There is no longer the headgum podcast episode from Tuesday.
Yeah.
That came out today.
But did you empty the trash?
Well, it's now it's just in the trash on my left.
Yes.
Which doesn't matter.
Oh, we heard it.
But you.
Yeah.
So when the drive is plugged in.
Sure.
While the drive is plugged in, if you empty the trash.
Okay.
Technically, the drive has a trash.
All right.
This says, if I were you ads.
Is that fine?
I would keep those just because they might not have been released yet.
All right.
And then this says.
Yeah.
It's interesting.
So you have ads that are coming out on the show that does not release.
So in the back catalog.
Back catalog.
And what we're going to try now is that there's another drive.
And we're going to see what.
One second.
Sure.
This is all pre-production that should have been handled.
Way, way, way before we got here, let alone started recording.
In fact, we had a little bit of time where we were chitchatting.
We're sort of enjoying our conversation.
For example.
Let me cut you off.
Yeah.
Jeff said, let's get into.
Let's go save it.
Let's go.
He rushed us into this room that wasn't built yet.
Yeah.
You rushed us to get here.
And there is no here here.
Well, because I don't want to waste your guys' time.
But you have.
You this is wasting your time.
I'm wasting the list.
No, it's getting recorded.
This is all going in the episode.
So it's not wasted time.
Okay.
Well, going off of what Jeff said earlier,
Andre, the giant used to call everybody the boss.
Used to say, hey, boss.
That's a quick one compliment.
She's a deafening loudness that's ever been.
I'm wondering if I can sort of just have the headphones here.
Sure.
I can probably hear it from your headphones.
Yeah.
What I have to let you guys know is that we were fine the whole time.
What?
I interpreted it.
No.
What I interpreted as.
Was the secret?
No.
Was six hours.
A free disk space.
Okay.
So have you never, and I don't know how this company runs.
Yeah.
But if you never done sort of a, someone says, hey, Jeff,
here's how the things work.
Yeah.
I'm also realizing is that miles is off camera on all three of these cameras.
What we're going to need is that.
I'm going to need to just hang on.
We have the vlog.
We have this one going still, but I might have to end it right now because we don't
need it anymore.
I don't want to take up the space, right?
Sure.
So it's been recording this whole time.
What you guys aren't failing to understand is that we are good to go.
Okay.
Y'all are still.
Sorry.
We'll just go over.
Yeah.
I like kind of.
The wireless keyboard, and yeah, ultimately the audition session as well.
What we're going to need to do is.
Well, no, because then.
What the fuck's the whole thing out?
We put it on camera.
No, you're, you're not on any camera.
Right.
You said over here.
You come the vlog on my phone, which is often.
Which is off now and not a good frame to be in.
But what if you move that camera over a little bit?
What I'm going to do in mere seconds when you guys wax a bunch of
yourselves is I'm going to shift this camera towards miles.
Just the why?
No.
Also, this is a fucking single.
The double.
Right.
So that's a single on alley right now.
Now that is ultimately a close up on alley with a little bit of it's dirty on
miles.
Yeah.
It is dirty on miles.
And on the, the, the love seat that I'm on.
Are we getting a two shot of me sitting next to it?
So let me go to that one.
That's going to be a lot of him.
That's going to be out of the miles.
You're sitting here.
Right.
Go over there.
Well, do you, be my guest?
Be my guest.
See if the microphone's even on.
Yeah.
This microphone's on because you told me, I didn't even need to hear myself.
I didn't even need to hear.
And I actually had headphones this year.
I actually came into your studio.
And I said, can I hear myself?
And you said, you don't need to hear yourself.
Can I hear myself?
Think?
Thank God.
What else is here?
What do you mean?
What is your producer?
What if I was Jake Johnson?
What if I was in the amateur hour?
Or is it Tomek?
You would have rolled his eyes and walked out.
If you think that I wouldn't have shown up in our half early to Tome.
What?
So you think that my time is not as important as restaurant to a nice.
Your time is objectively not as important as Marika Tomek.
That's really nice.
That's just a combination of two different names that don't have anything to do with each other.
What we are going to need to do is I'm going to need to fix the camera.
And you want me to move.
Ali, why don't you talk about dating in LA while I affect these cameras?
Unbelievable.
And so I shouldn't be moving.
Let me just.
Seems like he's going to move.
He's going to move the camera.
It's all you have.
Okay.
I was off the grid for a couple months now.
I'm back on the grid.
So far it's not going well.
Grid wise.
That's yeah.
That's about that's my dating update.
That was.
App wise.
I took a couple months off and it was like what if I just
meet someone out in the wild or
ganically old school?
That's preferred.
I don't mean to cut you off.
I just want to let you guys know that I'm going to have to stand up.
And affect the other cameras.
You said that.
Okay.
And long story short.
I didn't meet anybody.
Yeah.
You didn't go any dates.
No.
I didn't meet anybody out in the wild.
To know I'm back on the apps.
Doing chitchat fodder.
I actually do a lot of people ask me questions about this on my show.
Really?
Perfect person.
Huge shout out.
You might as well plug it now.
Because Jeff love even get to it.
We might even have audio at the end.
Exactly.
We're currently.
We're creating towards a cliff.
It's like we have about four.
We should get it all done at about six minutes of
Fayette footage space six hours.
Yeah.
Who knows right.
I have to tell people if they have an interest to go to the location where that interest is.
And then that's how you maybe meet somebody which like if you take all of L.A.
And you boil it down to like your geolocation.
Percent is why you probably have less in common than if you're like I like
Dice and you go to a Dungeons and Dragons store.
No totally.
Yeah.
I ran it to yesterday out in the wild.
That's true.
Organic.
That's never happened to us before.
Clear way.
Yeah.
Crazy.
I was.
It was after work.
And I was getting a burrito by the Mexican food pop up stand in front of the grocery store by my house.
And it's gonna stand that's like permanently there permanently there.
You got to wonder what the legality of that.
Yeah.
I'm not sure, but it is my favorite.
It's really great.
It's really good.
I agree all the way in Hollywood.
Well, that's what I thought was confusing.
It was because all of a sudden I look and I see a mirror of a tall and then two of their
other friends there.
Famous?
No.
Okay.
And I was just like this is so strange.
And also I just want to note like my outfit was like postwork.
I like walked there feeling very confident that I wouldn't see anybody that I know.
So I was just like Christmas.
Yeah.
I was wearing like a red sweatshirt, bright green pants.
Like I was very sure I wasn't gonna see anybody and then I see a mirror.
Like laundry day clothing.
Yeah.
Like I was not prepared for a run-in.
And then I was like, oh, I was like, this is so weird that you're here.
I'm getting food here at the stand.
I got a burrito.
And then she said we're getting food.
And I that stopped at the point of my brain.
And I was like, that's so weird that you'd come all the way to my neighborhood.
This burrito.
To real, to go to the stand in front of the grocery store by my house.
So I can't believe that the word spread.
That's amazing.
And then I was like, no, we're like walking to a restaurant.
Yeah.
We're going to a ramen place nearby that stand.
Although the stand was probably better.
It's all great.
And I mean, that made way more sense.
I like was so I couldn't believe it.
But yeah.
Wow.
Yeah.
It's funny because after you recorded it for the last time, I ran into you five minutes later
at the Whole Foods.
Yeah.
Imagine recording a podcast.
And then five minutes later running into that first.
Yeah.
It was everywhere.
I don't know.
It was like, hey.
That was my bond of the week.
Because we were having so much fun.
We were like, I feel like, actually, it was funny.
It was funny.
It was like a good time talking.
Yeah.
See?
It didn't even seem like it was slowing down either.
No.
We were ramping up.
Yeah.
It was getting good.
Don.
Murray.
Saltis.
Oh.
Um.
Who is that?
Glad you asked.
Um.
That's probably.
It's probably.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Why not?
Whatever.
It doesn't matter.
I'm going to go Addison Ray.
And sort of a bond girl became bond.
Yeah.
I'm going to go Mandi Patinken.
That is really good, actually.
Like a retiree.
Like sort of a Logan style.
Um.
Next man.
But make it clear.
Mm-hm.
Let's go back to you guys running into that.
Yeah.
I'm going to go Mandi Patinken.
That is really good, actually.
Like a retiree.
Mm-hm.
Let's go back to you guys running into each other.
I feel like that was.
Well, now a little bit more fun.
I'm up again.
That's where to get grinded us to a halt.
Now you're like, get back to 60 miles per hour.
You know, that's not really how conversation works.
That's how cars work though.
They stop and start all the time and nobody complains about it.
But you start getting a little car sick when it's like so fast.
So slow and fast.
So fast.
By the way, you have a question for you, Jeff.
Um.
Oh, God.
I guess I was just wondering.
If you could explain to me just sort of the year that trembled,
you played Phil.
What's that?
This is sort of like, I guess I just had a couple.
This is Jeff's resume.
This is Zach after I fully email full website.
Where did you get that?
Just Google.
Like this was sort of just available for me.
Yeah, but that's like a really old resume.
Well, I just was curious that you put your high school theatre
productions on it.
Right.
Because that's like, that's I think the first resume I ever made.
Yeah.
So you thought that like I'm a casting director.
Can you show that to the camera?
Yeah.
So this is Jeff.
I'm looking at this.
I didn't help you do any of this.
Were you tag after at the time?
Yeah.
I've been done only high school musicals.
I did lonely and horny.
That's on there.
That wasn't.
So it was.
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
Supporting.
Lonely and horny.
And then I did the hosting job with college humor, right?
Yeah.
I don't think that's even on.
Head gum live is on there.
Beat the queue is on there.
Yeah.
That's how I got into sag was lonely and horny and beat the queue.
Jesus.
So basically I'm here got you into sag.
Yeah.
I didn't even know I was in sag.
I can't believe you're in it because of me.
You might not be in sag.
But it was a sag production.
You listed three six high school theatre credits.
Ooh.
What are they?
Six.
It will.
He played.
The year that troubled we should say, by the way, was a really, really bad play.
Yeah.
About a local guy in.
Kyohoga Falls, a rid of her.
About the Vietnam War and drafting anxiety.
Mm.
I was depressed that semester because every night I had to cry over my dead body from
Vietnam in player of the store.
Six to nine PM.
And I'm having to like,
induced ears.
Yeah.
About a veteran.
I guess.
So you're just a six.
You're not ready to lie.
Yeah.
You're like going home to play video games or whatever.
To do homework.
Okay.
All right.
I guess.
Yeah.
But yeah.
I just thought it like, I guess what, what did you feel that a casting director
would be impressed by to see on the resume.
Theatre wise high school style.
Right.
So what you have to understand is that I had no idea what they wanted to see.
How would I, when I was, I think, 19.
Oh, you would move to LA.
Sure.
How are you, like, you had an understanding that like the stuff you didn't
had to go probably didn't matter.
Yeah.
Because, but you didn't do any other theater.
So why don't you look at that and then take that whole section off.
And then tell me whether or not it would be too far.
It would be too far.
It would be just fine.
You wouldn't film it.
Even.
Yeah.
It's borderline, Lauren.
It's some dummy tech.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Is it even a resume without the high school theater credits?
Well, I guess I also have a couple of concerns.
Oh, he accents listed.
Okay.
Let's just say Brooklyn Indian.
What British.
What is that?
Well, let's go one by one.
Yeah, Brooklyn, I guess.
Okay.
I took a dialect class to do Brooklyn,
he's.
He took a dialect class in high school.
In high school for one of the theater productions you're talking about.
Okay.
What's the next one?
In high school for one of the theater productions you're talking about.
Okay.
Indian. I don't know. I got me lost that. I used to be able to do it. Yeah, maybe a little offensive too
I think yeah, the East Indian accent that I knew how to do was just like a poo
God yeah, and you were yeah, and you thought
I think you know if you if I can't do it who can
In terms of like yeah brown paper bag testing it and British
Of course
Sounded like the Brooklyn one again
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I feel like that's what you sound like normal. Yeah, you know this accent's looked good on a resume
I thought oh, it doesn't matter whether you can do them or not well British is just right post and center underneath
Right house in center
You play the you of course
Yeah
I'm peaking and I'm seeing professional yo-yo player. You didn't know that about me? No
Oh, that's not like a funny ad lib that you thought like oh he just gets funny like the like a casting director would be
Casting for new girl. Yeah, they'd see professional yo-yo player and think like what a funny guy like he put
Professional yo-yo. I've had some insane yo-yo videos on youtube really he's a teenager
National competition level yo-yo. That's so cool. That's really cool never made a dime off of it
So you can do the trick where you make like the string a triangle and then the the yo-yo goes
Ally, that's child's play
Rock the baby or something you get to a level
Where you're gonna have names for the shits real you rake yeah, you make up your own
Right, so we'll click the standard ones like walk the dog is a classic. Yeah, now it's not about standard ones
I don't know that's like yeah, you guys go to like a professional dance recital right
You're not seeing if someone can do up your wet, you know what I mean. Yeah, it's like
Yeah, he's like a whole routine so it's sort of
Miles are you familiar with poetry and motion?
um
I don't know that was sort of my whole thing
But with a children's play thing
So you were doing sort of a live live theater man one man show you with the yo-yo
Mike was that what's that you can ask but I was wondering how it started yeah
Hmm
Why are you looking at me? He said you can ask and then you didn't ask but he asked you a question first
So I just thought you'd answer that and then I'd go
What was the origin story you got a yo-yo for I saw this guy on the island show and it was incredible
Yeah, two yo-yo is one of each and it was going like crazy on there. I mean they were going nuts middle-aged women were
Fonding over this tween how old were you what's that how old were you when you watched that? Yeah
I was probably like 10 and then you're like can I get a yo-yo to your parents correct
Yeah, that was before you were playing Joe Pendleton and heaven can wait
Here's before yeah
I get some muscle like you can yo-yo really well sure. I'm surprised that you have a skill that you haven't
Used for content make-up stocks you haven't
We did a whole sketch we did a Jeffrey the dumbass yo-yo episode it was one of the first ones we ever did you really time to bring it back
Yeah, I just think it would be good tiktok
There are a bunch of yo-yoers that are famous on tiktok now and they're all people that I knew from the
yo-yo circuits gen-tree stine that's kind of it actually they just like stuck with it
One is the last time you yo-yoed take a break we'll be right back
This show is sponsored by better help guys it's so easy to get caught up in what everyone else needs from you and never
Take a moment to think about what you need from yourself right it's easy to neglect ourselves when we have a
To-do list as long as a mere's hoodie in this episode right and
We're just knocking thing after thing after thing off of the tangible list of things that we need to do
Well, completely neglecting our emotional state and what we need from ourselves to give to ourselves to feel balanced and not burnt out
And when we spend all of our time giving it can leave us obviously feeling stretched them
But that's where therapy comes in because therapy can give you the tools to find more balance in your life
So you can keep supporting others without leaving yourself behind
I've said this once I'll say it again. I'm in therapy every week
And I do it to become the best version of myself for the people around me all right if you feel like therapy
You might not need it or you're not dealing with anything pressing
I guarantee you there's something that you could be talking about that could make you happier and be able to deal with all the
Stressors in your life a little bit better so if you're thinking of giving therapy a try
Give better help a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient flexible and suited to your schedule
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time for no additional charge
Find more balance with better help visit better help.com slash what's that today to get 10% off your first month?
Again, that's better help HELP.com slash what's that? Thanks better help
One to be a buck
German accent
The last time I yo-yoed in general or like competitively in general like the last time you went
Oh, here's a good story actually
I did an episode of the the that CBS sitcom the neighborhood
And they had who is the oh god what's the case Marks and Drowsky was the director and he's apparently I I didn't know who he was
But apparently he's this big time multi-cam director because there's only like four multi-cam directors in Hollywood
And he did something because his last week of the show every season
He does something called the syndrausky challenge
Which is just a cast and crew talent show so it's like the whole the everyone who works on the show
And the cast all brought in a talent and I had already wrapped but the AD was like
We were doing a talent show tomorrow. You should come back and do something. Do you have a talent and I was like
I used to yo-yo and he's like you have to do that
So what's already wrapped like you already did a wrap for him. He's like this is really good for the talent show
You already like wrapped like all right. That's a wrap on Jeff and he's it doesn't have to shoot anything anymore. Yeah
Sometimes it's just like flops
You know what I mean? I thought that was fun
You remember like Ferris cut that out or whatever? Yeah, that's like an example of like
I'm just gonna cut it out because it was like not I think it was fine. He was just saying something like double on tangerine
Yeah, like it sort of like oh wouldn't it be funny if he wrapped instead
He's finished. I had already wrapped but he's like come back and do it as a talent. Yeah, I'd finished the job got it
And
And you said not I want a yo-yo in front of all these strangers. That's not really fun
I'm not gonna come back. I've already wrapped. I'm not gonna come back with a fucking yo-yo
I said you know when and where to be were you close to anybody on the
Were you close to anybody on the guest or were you just sort of a day player with like no connection
And you're gonna come back and yo-yo for a group like gentleman Jeffrey who?
People are going to crafty eating
You actually had someone oh
Sorry about that. It's fine. Just stop
Um
But that was the last time I yo-yo had was in the talent show and how you do third place. Wow. Yeah. Well, oh
Did you can you do two at a time?
I can but not impressive like impressive to you fuckers sure
But not to the yo-yo community, right? I couldn't place at all in any competition
But the fact you're like so much better than a non-yo-yo were sure even still yeah
And you still have multiple yo-yo's at your house. I think I have three
What kind of I have a yo-yo factory north star
Jensen commit sort of
Main stay
I have a
Caribulage yo-yo works something I forget what it's called and then I have a
Plastic yo-yo that I
Got for free in which to how much do they cost?
They're like 80
Is there like one that's considered the gold standard like a thousand dollar yo-yo?
Is there like one skateboard that's the best to have? No, it's like how do you like to ride?
How do you like to fucking throw? Yeah, so how do you like to throw?
I like it to have a certain bounce to it, right? I like it to be a little bit counterweighted on both sides
So that there's some stability in the dish that way when you're doing all these little fucking things with the string and the weight and then
It's going all around either into their popping up and out. You're like jumping over the shit, right? Yeah
I was under the impression that every yo-yo was five dollars
Yes, I mean, did you say already? I wasn't really listening to 80 dollars 80 really
Sorry that I didn't mean to hit and either those I meant to just do this
But yeah, I got third place and then Max Greenfield came out to him. He was like
He's smoke weed. Well, he asked Max
While he was yo-yoing he actually got in the way
I was walking the dog and he walked up to me. It hit his ankle. He boxed me out physically
To see the last smoke weed
Train as citizens arrest as like a performance enhancing drug why did he ask that like you want to get you in trouble
No, he wanted to hang out. Well, no, he did not. No, he asked it in the way where it's like you smoke weed
We should hang out really. Yeah, and you say you actually mean it. I also thought that gillian Jacobs was just in the lobby
And I thought it was Beth Bears
Who's also at the town show?
What is this? I don't know who Beth Bears
Beth Bears
Okay
Why bring that up now? Yeah, discuss
It is the seventh week of the WGA strike. Did you get anything for third place?
I
Prize. Yeah, I guess Max Greenfield coming up to you is maybe the purpose
I got this is true third place or first place the prize was a thousand dollars and you know
My god, I made Aaron make up department with like eight people so they didn't end up leaving with that much
They did like a whole coordinated dance to blow the whistle
Was it good or was it like hey, let's fucking give it to it. It was like kind of really good
They all wore fedoras and they were like
And like everybody is like yeah into it. What was sad if you beat them and then the my thing was a 30 second nothing burger
Second place I think was like some kind of health care benefit
And then I got this sort of a plastic participation trophy. Nice. Yeah
How old is two old to clean your kids room asks parents magazine?
You sir are parent. Let's go. And that is a parent. Oh fuck
You
Take another break will be right back
That's too break so quickly back to right if you don't have any ads on this episode
Yeah, but I am a far I guess did you want to come in from the break and then I'll say I'm a dad we just did yeah
I'm a dad though. Yeah, you asked that before the break is
Allo a sham sorry what you asked me a question. Oh, yeah, how old how old would your kid have to be for you to be like hey?
I'm not gonna like clean up after your ass
one two one
The kid can't even walk
Yeah, but he can clean
No fucking sit on a sponge and scoot scoot
I'll probably say when he's a teenager
I'll probably have him clean himself 14. That's old. You don't think like nine
Asked an answered
Let's move on. Yeah, it's is Allo a sham
Allie no, I like Allo. Allivara. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, do you have an allo plant in your home? No, but I you've
Improved a sunburn
So I'm familiar growing up. We had a lot out of my parents were really slicing it off and
Doing the little squeeze thing on us. Yeah, I think my dad used to call me Allo vera is like a joke nickname when I was a baby
It's good. Allie vera. Allie. Allo is cute. Yeah. That's good
What's the name of your kid? Julian Julian. Hey, Jude
Allie
Julian. Sorry. I don't know if you miss her
You've heard him me or but we call him Jude use sometimes. That's funny
There's like baby Jude you have you taught him Jude you're on that beat
No, but I think that's a great idea
What if he becomes like a dick?
So I've thought about this and I think that um he won't
I actually met like a detective
Because then it would be Jude you on that beat
Oh like I guess it would be becomes like I'll probably be like hey like
A lot of course it could be tricky
Why I feel like I ask interesting questions
But you know like one so quick because you guys don't give me anything
I'm confused. I have a question do people call detectives a dick?
Yeah small town dicks private eyes, you know private dick
Scalded never heard of that dick Tracy well that I know but that's his name
Interesting
Can I we we had Hollywood handbook on this show on today's episode so last week when people are hearing this and I did
One of my rice parodies and I feel like I didn't get anything from them
You guys want to hear it. You thought that you would get
Like a big reaction from those guys about your rice parodies
Do you want to hear it
Yeah, it just mind it ended and they gave him a standing up
Yeah, like what if those guys really give it a big area
But just drew us to absolutely want to stand and praise you
Yeah
So you don't want to hear it. I guess I do yeah
Are you finding it or what?
As we're loving up our casting oh, you're not going to be on the line. Why lost the lyrics because I deleted
So you're trying to play the clip from last week or like is that not interesting?
Well, yes
You're scanning through the episode. Okay. Here we go
Something that
All right
This is new
There's something to get the energy out. Yeah
I see you rise
Consistency
of sand when you're charting old grains. Oh, girl. You've got to scald
Till the rice over cooks the poison will glob to my hands
When you're burning the rice
Cautorized grains. See your buzz
Scalded
Scraping up or stomp his right
Yeah, like the idea of doing this at all is it feels
People who are liking the story is sweet
Not going to react at the same of the searing the
Album coming well we've got
rhythm of the rice we've got
We're gonna fuck up some rice. We've got the rice all of the rice
We've got
Scalded rice, which is what this one was and then there's one more than I'm forgetting that might not have made the cut and I guess the like oh
Rice burn so you latched onto this type of joke in brand how many years ago and you started
Then milking it dry since by five five years too
No, it's a free no rhythm of the rice was December 20 when did they exactly rice shirt come out
That's the predecessor to that yeah, that was years and years ago
This has been sort of playing the same drum
Yeah, is the joke is just replacing the word right with the rice. Yeah, that's the whole but joke. That's rice
That's it just for that shirt though because this one has like it's a little bit just been that over and over
No, because this one had a layer cotterized grains seared thus
I feel like that's sort of the natural evolution the elevation of
Exactly rice, which yeah, it's just like rice instead of right but
Cotterized grains seared thus. It's tell the whole story
It's baby shoes never used yeah the saddest story in six words or less. Yeah, is you
So tell me about Dino
What year was that it was well is again a university high school and then in parentheses Hs
favorite oil go
Olive
I'll also go olive but avocado I think I want to give a special
Mentioned to been using avocado oil spray
The spray is nice. Yeah, it's very futuristic something I just sometimes I do worry about having a
Pressurized spray can like near the stove because I can blow up or something. I give it over. Yeah, but that's never happened right
You think that's ever happened
Oh my god, that was the biggest burp. It was awful
What did you eat for breakfast was deep fish in a diet coke? I think I want to be sick
Did you know that was coming? That was awful. Don't be mad at him. You mean it was an angry grin?
That wasn't even carbonated. That's cold brew. I think you just got to say excuse me and move on. Yeah, excuse me
Don't be dismissive
Welcome to so what
This is a segment about the least important news headlines of the day
Discoffee go bad the answer is complicated
I think it's so what oh yeah, so what I think it does
Lake or a bill is a hundred percent full as California reservoirs are revived by historic rain and snow melt
So what that's really good actually
Well, you're not giving us time we're supposed to all say it at once
So what oh, it's really really it's not really a segment. It's just a color response. Yeah, it's sort of a chant like temple
Walt Disney's former LA home is now renting for $40,000 a month
So what so what it's pretty cool. It's in low spielas you get it's pretty big yeah, would you move soon we've talked about this a little bit
Or would you consider moving soon selling your place maybe you make a hat? Yeah, it's not a good time
It's not a great time to sell but your your place is sort of yeah, it's sort of a hut
Used to be a weenerson. That's lea
Hasn't changed much though because you didn't really get you didn't get the home equity line of credit
You didn't put in the work that it would take to sort of personalize it thus from it was turn key
So what
Anchor brewing ceases national distribution discontinues beloved Christmas ale
so what
Oracle lays off hundreds
And resins job offers in healthy unit so what is it all pretty important the drought the economy?
Yeah, you think you've coffee grounds go bad. I don't have someone interesting. Yeah, I don't
Me too
Um
What I don't know the fucking dissonance
Cognitive or otherwise between what I think would make for interesting conversation and what you guys end up responding to or not
Yeah, nutrition conversation you read headlines that you expect us to say so what yeah
It was interesting conversation time for us to conversation. Yeah, all right, so new shoes
Yeah, I knew sneakers and yeah, this is a nice. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, I've actually gotten a lot of compliments on these
Oh, they're cool. You're sort of a big short-swear, huh? I like shorts with a sweatshirt when it's like in the 60s out
I often am self-conscious about my legs
Yeah, especially this is the most I'm self-conscious is because the cameras really are picking up a lot of leg
So I had a pillow like this earlier. You were hiding your leg a little I was doing a little hide and then I'm like, you know what?
I can't fucking do this anymore. I should show the world who I am
Jeffrey, do you wear shorts? No, I feel like shorts. I I historically never wear shorts because I don't think they look good on anyone
But I recently found this guy his name is Alessandro Quartzi and he's this like
70 year old dude, and he has the coolest style ever, right? And he does this thing where he does white short-bermuda shorts
White tea light jacket, and it's a really cool look. You know where it shorts because your legs are pencil thin and you look top of it
It's noticeably bizarre so even if it's 100 degrees out and we're in a heat wave you'll wear jeans
And it's because you have ankles you have thin ankles
Sorry, thank you. Yeah, so he calls them thin ankles. Yeah, it's it's really hard because the diameter of my ankles is
less than that of my wrist. I can see because you're you're sort of cuffed. I can see your ankles from here, right?
And I see what you mean. It's they're pretty
Yeah, do you want to get an arrow a DIY angle of that
With your phone? Yeah, and we can splice it in here. I mean, I like it all sort of looks like
Like a yes straw coming out of a glass. It's a hard style. Yeah, that's how skinny or like dug funny style
Bones coming out of a wide opening great dug reference. Yeah
Ali shorts oh
It's complicated. I'm the same. I get self-conscious
But I just bought a pair of new shorts that I'm gonna try to wear in the summer
I got them from Amazon. I'm looking first which I don't
want to do but I've been looking for a specific style of short and it's a very very hard to find
So I went with a cheap pair and I'm like, this is an interesting
But yes, I have two pairs of shorts as of last week. Oh my gosh
But from zero. What's going on? Jeff is moving so he's clanking around with something he's looking for something
He's turning on it. He's turning on the TV for the first time
He's just bored and he's gonna watch
Crisis right while we record or something to be here
I just downloaded to be for the first time. Oh, what's what do you think I'm watching stars on Mars and I'm having the time of my life. What is that it's a show
You're loving it. I love how you live. I came to life. Yeah. Okay, so it's a bunch of celebrities
And they are all fake living on Mars in a space shuttle and the reality shows
But it's not just like it's Martian lynches on there. Well, I love Martian Lance Armstrong
Jesus one girl. I'm not gonna say thought he was Neil Neil Armstrong. Yeah, and was like I cannot believe like it's he has such a
So confused
He's in touch of Mars
You were just here, right?
Oh
We were we were actually we like alle kind of
Allie kind of lit up and we were like having discussing a pretty funny. We're discussing something so good alley was really
Kind of like lighting up it for the I've never seen alley like that. Yeah, but yeah, let's talk about this picture
They yeah, that's gonna cut off man sitting down drop really poorly
It's horribly yeah, why isn't the middle of the screen?
Welcome to dad core or sad core. Okay, okay, um, so
Miles your father. Yeah, I'm your you're like a pod father as they call you
I haven't quite seen the evidence of that. I would say that's more like a Jake and Marty thing, but yeah
Why a pod father like you're the podcast godfather like a godfather, but for podcast
That's always to me been Jake because he's sort of a content. I know we know what you think you already said it
You said it doesn't really bring true for you. I always think of it as a Jake and Marty thing
And then he brought it up again. You said yeah, I don't consider
So yeah, you're opinion is noted. Yeah, I
Was just gonna see that. I know you're just
It's that you think of Jake is more of the pod father. Yeah, right?
Not quite pod father. I was gonna say he's sort of the content king
Which to me is more important than even if you were the pod father because content is king. Yeah
This is dad core sad core
Miles you are a father. Yeah, um, have a six month old. Do you feel like it has
Changed your style of doing things. No
Really, I feel like it's good of
All right, forget it then let's talk about get out low again
No, do you feel like it's changed your like physical style your a fashion your aesthetic? Oh no
I mean, I want to dress more fashionably. I think it's like because I am so tired and
Yeah, okay, I don't when I go out into the world. I do that much less. Yeah, and so when I go out
I actually do want to have a better sense of style. So I think I'm trying to take fashion risks in a way I didn't before
Yeah, because maybe and maybe that's because I have a more determined sense of self same shoes of ever seeing you are a same
Gene same socks same class is the shirt might be a no, but it's pretty pretty it's one of my wife Sarah's maternity shirt
I'm actually kind of a fashion risk. I know and I think I'm I mean I guess I'll let you decide if I'm pulling it off
There's no right answer to these. I just want to get your guys as opinions on whether these following outfits are
Dad core or sad core. Yeah, took the note from Hayes and Sean that I need to have more actual space for participation
So there's no right answer. I don't have an agenda with these. Let's fucking use them as a springboard
for fun conversation between the four of us. Okay
Is this a celebrity or is this just a man? That's actually Ryan Reynolds body if it matters, but I feel like that
That's right in Reynolds. Yeah, that's him and free guy
Now I can see it
Ha
Yeah
Dad core
Miles yeah, all right
I mean, I mean, again, it's not like a guessing game. It's like, oh, I think this is Dad core because of the loafers or because
You know, the loafers make me think of his my dad because you know, you didn't always used to be around when I was until I was probably 14 and then he was around too much
Wow when you were doing
The you were doing Saturday night you're playing Dino or was that hidden in this picture you're playing great
When you were 14. Oh, and if you remember it's the name of the car
Another break. There's no way. There's too many ads pretty break
So this first one was dad core
Dad core or sad core will I feel like it's quite fashionable, but I want to say sad core
Because the man on the right looking at him looks pretty pretty sad and you know what I know who that is that's actually I didn't see this before
But that's way co of the rake in the revolution magazine. He's a he's a watch influencer. That's actually kind of cool
He dresses really he has a great watch collection. He actually made a car DA made him a piece unique
Tonks and tray. I'm gonna go with sad core because if the top was red and the bottom was green
That's what I wore when I ran into a mirror at the taco stand in front of the grocery store by my house
I
Sweater in big bed and that was my reaction
Confused
I just like to flag to that the one actual
Passion that I fear just now with steam rolled by a mirror
I guess like maybe it was steamer, but it wasn't I am here
If anything it was alley, but I don't think that that's like a dad core or sad core
I actually really like that sweatshirt jeans combo and the shoes are cool too. I mean this guy seems pretty fucking cool
Is there a blue jacket too?
My dad wouldn't wear this sad core
Yes, I probably think it's really not where I think it's really a fucking awesome actually
Yeah, I think it's really cool. I've also heard that jeans are kind of out
Yeah, and I'm wearing that cut of jeans. I don't know like but you're kind of wearing the same cut
No, I know it's but these are jeans. I need to kind of throw away this one's interesting because the posture is also bad
I think he's sort of standing up right standing up right and do you want to just grab because audio listeners
You're thinking they don't can't see the they'll see this. Oh, it's just a guy
Sorry audio listeners will see this
They have anesthesia
Yeah, that's really dad core or sad core
Okay, so I'm gonna do sort of Jeff's job. I guess, but this is someone wearing a tan jacket. That's a woman, right?
Yeah, yeah
Someone wearing tan jacket. Grace wetter brown pants with little checkers on them kind of and
Like shoes
Tired of you
This one is a little sad to me. Yes dad beige and gray
Yeah, kind of standing by a lake the under armor sneakers are not ideal
Sad core
Dad core or sad core
That's pretty cool. That's sad core. I think yeah mustache good jeans again jeans because you're
He's not really saying anything jeans gray shirt. We sure
My dad would not wear this but it's that dad core. My dad might wear this accident deadly. Yeah, you know
I mean like you sort of be like oh, which was what was available
This is kind of like an updated Jerry sign filled style. I was gonna say like an updated Jerry. Yeah. I was gonna say that
Jerry was a layer like an updated Jerry
sign filled stiller yeah
Garcia no
Just for era no war like I can you guys fucking help me out. I feel like I was just trying to
You said updated Jerry sign filled
He's kind of wanted to take credit for it or something. That's not no. I was like oh yeah, me too
I thought of that first gonna say that yeah, yeah, I'm having a nice time. I am too
Said I am too
Dad core or sad core and the last
Yeah, that one's me
Because I remember thinking that blue bottle coffee looked like how I was dressed
Yeah, oh, yeah, that's people then when I posted this on the internet everyone's like wow you have really wide hips
And I was like I've never been body-shinged before
And it was I'm sorry. Yeah, it was sort of an interesting insight
People say you had wide hips. Yeah, it was not just like one. I was like white hips white hips
Yeah, I could see that oh my god. Why are his hips so I'm like I didn't even consider that I guess
Now that I look at it from a fresh angle a new eyes the waist is wider than like the torso
I think it's a little long some people like that
Let me think because let me excuse me
I think it's because it's a long shirt. Yeah, and it's like getting pushed out by the pants
I do like the blue and brown and I still think it does resemble the coffee and an interesting fashion
Yeah, do you think that's because of the audience you've cultivated that those are people that are going to call you out
Private wide hips
Yeah, because I think if I posted a photo
I don't know that people would say I had wide hips, but I don't think that's because of my hips
Interesting because I when I posted that I didn't think that either but I think it just took one to open the floodgates
Yeah, and now this is
Known to me as the wide hip photo
Hey Jeff
He's not that's Obama throwing out the first pitch at a white socks game
You recognize the photo that where you've seen it for
Jeff, what do you think
Now I can speak oh
So again, he interrupts everybody
He can dish it out and he literally cannot take one one a hundred of it back. It's not thin skin. It's just just said I shouldn't talk. So
What I heard was
Jeff wanted to shut the fuck up. I didn't say that but I heard Jeff
Nothing you ever have to say is interesting for a show
That is true, but we'd never would say that first show
For this
Dad core yeah, that's one dad car because it looks like the jacket is tucked into the jeans
Yeah, yeah, that's cool, but it's a good pass
Is that a bank see that's also me. Oh, that's you some me dad core or sad core
This is what I'm telling you. It's the it's the hoodie with the shorts sort of my
Let me in spring aesthetic is it also I and I don't I'm not trying to say that your hips are wide in this
But I just think your shirt is a little long
Just let you it just shirt feels the same length of long
Do you find that because sometimes my issue and maybe that's a choice of things my torso is very long
When I raise my arms I often show my belly button. Yeah, yeah, do you ever does that happen to you?
It used to happen more because shirts used to be smaller and shorts used to be baggier now shorts are smaller and shirts are baggier
Across the board fashion is like steering more towards shoes look at that. It looks like I have two knees on my right knee
I have a double knee thing going on, but even my shorts now are shorter than those shorts
And I was like a year or two ago. You can see I'm wearing a mask. Yeah, yeah, I my only criticism what what you just said was
You
Sort of pointing at it and you were like this is what I'm saying, you know like shorts and hoodie
But it doesn't look good. Yeah, so that would be like a contractor being like hey
Here's the wrong way to screw in a nail. This is what I meant. Why was this picture taken?
You're just showing it and that's a really good question. I think it's always a very big bright wall
And I was wearing a bright outfit
So, who took the party took the photo? I thought you were wearing a mask showing your trick
Yeah, if you show the whole photo, it makes it a little more sense. And what I do have to point out is that this is the whole photo
It's not. No, that's the screenshot from your Instagram. Yeah, that's the whole photo that you have
But the photo that Marty took was a wide shot of a very colorful mural. No, it was a troll
That's funny that Marty took it. Oh, I think I got almost your face. It was not more of the wall. I
stare at him too. I took a picture of her kid for the first day of kindergarten. I did frame out the head. Your left hand
You left hand feels so awkwardly. That's a dummy hand. You can tell I'm wearing a white glove
Would you feel arm is sort of touching my my dick, but you can't see it because I have a dummy arm
That's being extended way too long. I like basically touching my dick, and this is my way of like hiding that fact during a photo
That's so cool
So me so which is it it's fucking fine. That was it was 21 degrees below zero in Winnipeg
I'm wearing jeans in a fucking jacket
You
Jake, but this was again like 2018 and again, you're holding a drink a love it's crazy
Yeah, why I don't know why I'm constantly I'm not really constantly three times in the last five years
But like when you cherry picked the moment they do all really very similar
What I will say is that these are just the first couple photos of you on your timeline
That show the full outfit. So it's I don't know if it's cherry picking full fit. Yeah, I don't usually do it
But I guess if you if you're talking about the last five years you can find a couple for sure
Yeah, I do still have that jacket. It's very warm or at least the warmest jacket. I have it. It's a good jacket. It's all a jacket
Not me
Dad core or sad core
Is that what's that?
Is that a famous person? No, this is like an LL being at or something
I'm gonna go secret third option, which is this outfit is really gay
It's very gay because of the mock turtle neck the mock turtle neck the red jacket
It's giving like lesbian rebel without a cause. Oh, it's a very cool outfit
I'm subject to body shaming it. I'm here has anybody ever mocked your turtle neck
Let's see that neck
Another one here
Yeah, yeah
Then do that head roll, but do it at
0.25% speed
0.25%
0.25x. So one 40 a speed one fourth
The two my five percent
25% one fourth we were both wrong
What happened? He was moving his neck like you know what happened to the like the energy and joy in the room. I think
Holds me the fucking model my bad neck
Slowly twice
If I had to pinpoint it, it probably had something to do with that
It's just it was a joke
Yeah, I might expand so I took it personally and you kind of have been um like kind of like sabotaging a mirror
Because you put a bunch of photos. I'm having in this secretly to see you guys have made fun of me without knowing sorry
Like so discord between yeah, yeah, yeah, and maybe this is a good time to plug pad gum discord
I think it's
chord dot com slash headgum or headgum dot com slash discord
It's one of those dude. Are you what goes on on the discord dad core said for awesome me
That is
This was me and we should say that the short say crunch. Yeah, they were actually for short
Given to me by Jake's little brother once when I needed shorts. I think you can just keep them
I just think learning how that's a hand me out by the way
Because Mike is 12 years your junior
You were given free athletic shorts and
Capt them and wear them a lot. I think that's a good shorts. They just don't have pockets. Yeah, I guess I'm just curious
Did you think that this was a like a good photo and a post when you pushed it?
Well, was this a picture a video and they picture this is so this has been learning how to write a bike
I don't know how to write a bike. Oh, really. Yeah, so that was the story behind this picture. It's like sad core the first time
I'll ever long it was
Two years ago. That's great. I'm
Trying to figure out for the first time how to write a bike and this is me sort of moving yeah, and what what's the saying the saying is it's like learning how to write a bike
Meaning it's really fucking easy. No, it's like oh, it's like the meaning of that like you know
No, no memory. Yeah, yeah, you never forget it. I don't think it was that was easy to make a picture
That's just the dad core sad. Yeah, so that's the save the date to my wedding
Which you obviously can't show slash have
The
Really personal information
You know
Pictures
Just everything here. I don't want out there at all. Yeah, the picture is on your Instagram as well
That picture is fine. The picture is fine. I don't want literally any in for me
I don't even want this part of it in it because it's such private
Laundry that's being aired basically. I mean I feel like it's fine for people to know that you're getting married people already know that sure
But not necessarily the the information. I don't want any of this out
You don't want them to know yeah this happened on real housewives and it did cause a big problem
Real quick to that
Theresa June ice of real housewives of New Jersey
Was getting married to a manly Louis last year and she invited Ramona Singer who is real housewives of New York
So a little crossover yeah to the wedding Ramona went on Instagram lives that oh
I just got an in my invitation for Theresa who showed the whole thing and trees
Had to change every single detail because immediately everybody was trying to find out where it is. Yeah, everybody
Yeah, I feel like irreversible and they talked about it in the season
This you'll have to cut this you'll have to cut this you'll have to cut cut
I'm just saying out of all the housewives you don't want to be Ramona. I will say I've shot in that studio before
It's a great chair. That's actually where I did my ass photo. Oh, that would it
Not that unit, but the same building
Unusable this whole part
I don't know where the hearing gauge. Yes, but they obviously don't know all the pertinent to be wet or just in bad business
Next next picture that's sort of it
Plugs what do you guys have what do you want to point people to the floor is yours? Let's start with Ali
Listen to new episodes of geotic the podcast hosted by the band Muna new episodes every Wednesday
And if you're a New York come to our upcoming summer had gum happy hour shows
I believe on July 9th and then August 24th at the Valle House
And then July 1st at caveat and
Follow me on letter boxed Ali Khan
Tell you I'm definitely going to follow you on letter box. Do it's do it when you feel for thing I haven't been
I've been watching a lot of movies recently, but I feel like it'll inspire me to watch the good ones
Yeah, I follow lots of people and
Venmo oh my Venmo is Ali Dash Khan how much money have you gotten from that?
I feel like it's tacky for me to say, but I will say I'll leave it out. I just want to know I
I
No, I don't think over a hundred, but it's slow. Yeah, I liked my Venmo on the tripod that I produced for the try guys and you still do that?
I do yeah, even after the scandal
I just feel like you have your own engine you have your own vehicle. I mean this is a really good point cold burning
But I do still produce it even after the scandal and I did plug by Venmo on once and I did get
If you know what's it for producing how much do you have a 15 hour you think I could pay it an hourly you're salaried
Amir
This fucking show I also produce three shows there. I
Yeah, sure man, you're an amateur you by the way you think you're gonna give you a salary
You can even figure out the tech you know you recorded in a dummy episode earlier
Zero you're less than a zero. You're lucky you're getting paid at all all fucking doxing guests
Bring up private information
Amir wait for a raise doxing the guests is that's a host
I mean hourly is a host, but as a producer what do you produce?
This first six minutes of the show was you setting up for the show yeah
Miles did half of it
You should be paying miles
By the way, oh, I was gonna say is my Venmo I people would Venmo me and then I would send it to the requests
Yeah
So people would also request me so it was just a fun thing to defend my honor here sure without telling me
Casey and Kevin and Rochelle switched the entire zoom setup to recording live into an audition
Fucking session okay. I didn't know that was gonna happen so I sit down and I'm ready to do what I do know how to do and now
It's like okay, this is audition. Let me know make sure I know how to do
You just press a red button which is fair. Yeah
What's that yeah, so I got that down yeah in the video the video I was kind of sabotaged because you know it
Shout out to Chef Kevin, but he did say let me start a new session for you. Yeah, and you know what he actually did because he was talking about audition
Yeah, because then you session will the video make sure you just record something to an SSD
Yeah, and then I just didn't know what was going on
Miles, what do you got?
Watch per person or listen to per person where we get pot merch. Yeah, I just launched my merch
I've got a bunch of different stuff. You have a hat. I don't give a house. I hate rent
That
It is okay to lease a hat
But I
Said that before yeah, that's actually a shirt
It says that it's a true neck. I did a whole thing is a little promo thing I worked hard on that's very like Colty and weird
And I released the promo on Instagram. You can check it out on my Instagram at Miles Bond. Why didn't you do a V-neck
Because it's not 2003
You're a fucking joke
It's all you had left was the style shit and it's gone
It is ghost
It's a zero
Follow me on TikTok
Okay, Bloomberg okay, Bloomberg. Oh, and I'm also making TikToks actually
So perfect person
But but mostly my own one
I made the thing talk about how my nose is big and I can't drink out of a champagne glass
I got a lot of really horny comment like stops the glass
And then all the comments were really kind of thirsty because that's like a kink people
Seeing those big people said he was my seat
You
That was a hit dumb original